we begin in Gaza where three major
hospitals are under siege by Israeli
forces with medical supplies running low
and a growing number of people injured
the targeting of Health Facilities is
deepening the humanitarian crisis in
southern Gaza the AL Amal hospital is
under attack with Medical Teams trapped
by heavy gunfire the Palestinian red
crescent says one of its staff has been
killed at Nasser Hospital also in the
South Israeli troops have encircled the
facility that's according to
eyewitnesses St patients and displaced
people seeking shelter are trapped
inside since night time we have been
carpet bombed by Israeli warplanes the
entire area near Naser hospital was
shaking as if it were an earthquake we
took shelter in the building stairwell
until the morning we assumed the Israeli
soldiers would lay Siege to the area so
we ran for our lives others took shelter
in the hospital While others remain
stranded Israeli snipers are shooting
all those moving on the road
at night the Israeli war planes kept
shelling the area our home was hit and
we all ran and took shelter in narad
hospital we were besieged by Israeli
tanks and snipers all around many were
killed and are still lying on the road
and in the north of the strip Israeli
forces have been laying Siege to Alfa
gaza's largest hospital for a week now
Palestinians who fled the scene
described seeing Israeli tanks running
over dead bodies in the courtyard and
crushing ambulance Vehicles while Al
shazir hany Mahmud is live from Rafa
honey what's the latest that you can
bring us about these sieges on medical
facilities I'm talking specifically
about shifa in the north and Nasser in
the central part of central to southern
part of the Gaza
Strip yes sir well uh so far just
judging from the patterns of deliberate
attacks on Health Facilities across the
Gaza mainly in the city of hanun and the
northern part and Gaza City uh one
indication that Israeli military is at
war with the health care System across
the Gaza we're looking at hospitals for
example in kanun right now two hospital
hospital and Nas hospital where within
the past 24 hours have been under
military Siege as the Israeli military
and it's military equ vehicle and tanks
and attack drones are encircling these
two facilities blocking the entrance
with uh with a a pile of sand preventing
medical staff patients and injuries
inside the hospital from leaving safely
and constantly failing to provide a safe
Corridor for people and evacuates uh
trapped inside the hospital what we're
getting confirmed from Al hospital that
not only it has been under constant
bombing and tank Shields but also loud
speakers are ordering people inside the
hospital that includes medical staff
injuries patients decid they have to
evacuate immediately and to come out
only with their underwear on and that
has been confirmed by multiple sources
and eyewitness on the ground those who
managed to flee the harrowing situation
inside the hospital here in in
overcrowded ra the hospitals are are in
dire need of medical supplies and and
gradually they are running out of space
running out of medical supplies running
out of sufficient care to save lives and
provide a a a proper inter medical
intervention for people for people and
injuries a shifa hospital is a
completely horrifying story as not only
has been stormed four times but it is
has turned in the words of James Elder
the spokesperson of Unicef who describ
during his visit these hospitals as
utter Devastation and have turned into
graveyards for Palestinians right
now Han in addition to the siege of
these medical facilities that we've
mentioned shifa Nas alal um the Israeli
bombardment continues what and where
have they been
targeting
[Music]
yes what it's almost simulataneous and
intense bombing campaign and a complete
destruction of Health Facilities that
appoint injuries don't have a place to
go to but in overnight attacks in raah
City two residential buildings in
central ra the Central and the eastern
part of it caused the death of 10 people
mostly children and women people who
were Sheltering inside these Residential
Building within the past 24 hours in RAF
alone 30 people have been killed in
these Relentless attacks and multiple
injuries all transferred either to
Kuwait hospital or a naar hospital in
the Central Area 18 people Sheltering in
a residential home in the very City that
they were told to evacuate to because it
is safe only to get bombed and killed
inside these residential home this is
not the first time der have has been
targeted repeatedly and more
relentlessly within the past weeks in
Kanan Unice particularly around hammed
City residential City where five more
people reported killed as of the attacks
by drones and by the tank shells it's
becoming a daily routine that people are
have to deal with but the aftermath is
always with those who are tra under tra
under the rbls and those who do not have
a proper medical treatment inside the
hospitals hanim Mahmud reporting from
Rafa in the southern part of the Gaza
Strip thank you very much for your
reporting honey